archurl,datasources,docurl,dt,hwurl,input,method,newold,size,vendor,perc_lic,delivery
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,s,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/CloudTrail+Data+Collection.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,s,aws,0.45,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Legacy+ModInput+HWF.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatchLogs,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,s,aws,0.35,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,s,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,s,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,s,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,m,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/CloudTrail+Data+Collection.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,m,aws,0.45,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Splunk+Lambda+HEC.png,CloudWatchLogs,https://www.splunk.com/blog/2017/02/03/how-to-easily-stream-aws-cloudwatch-logs-to-splunk.html,byol,"
",hec,lambda,new,m,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,m,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,m,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,m,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,l,aws,0.45,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,l,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,l,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,l,aws,0.45,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,l,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,l,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,xl,aws,0.01,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,xl,aws,0.45,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,xl,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,xl,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,xl,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,xl,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,s,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/CloudTrail+Data+Collection.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,s,aws,0.45,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Legacy+ModInput+HWF.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatchLogs,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,s,aws,0.35,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,s,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,s,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,s,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,m,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/CloudTrail+Data+Collection.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,m,aws,0.45,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Splunk+Lambda+HEC.png,CloudWatchLogs,https://www.splunk.com/blog/2017/02/03/how-to-easily-stream-aws-cloudwatch-logs-to-splunk.html,byol,"
",hec,lambda,existing,m,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,m,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,m,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,m,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,l,aws,0.45,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,l,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,l,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,l,aws,0.45,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,l,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,l,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,xl,aws,0.01,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,xl,aws,0.45,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,xl,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,xl,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,xl,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,byol,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,xl,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,s,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/CloudTrail+Data+Collection.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,s,aws,0.45,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Legacy+ModInput+HWF.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatchLogs,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,s,aws,0.35,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,s,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,s,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,s,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,m,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/CloudTrail+Data+Collection.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,m,aws,0.45,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Splunk+Lambda+HEC.png,CloudWatchLogs,https://www.splunk.com/blog/2017/02/03/how-to-easily-stream-aws-cloudwatch-logs-to-splunk.html,sc,"
",hec,lambda,new,m,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,m,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,m,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,m,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,l,aws,0.45,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,l,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,l,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,l,aws,0.45,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,l,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,l,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,xl,aws,0.01,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,xl,aws,0.45,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,new,xl,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,xl,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,new,xl,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,new,xl,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,s,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/CloudTrail+Data+Collection.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,s,aws,0.45,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Legacy+ModInput+HWF.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatchLogs,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,s,aws,0.35,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,s,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,s,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,s,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,m,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/CloudTrail+Data+Collection.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,m,aws,0.45,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Splunk+Lambda+HEC.png,CloudWatchLogs,https://www.splunk.com/blog/2017/02/03/how-to-easily-stream-aws-cloudwatch-logs-to-splunk.html,sc,"
",hec,lambda,existing,m,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,m,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,m,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,m,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,l,aws,0.45,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,l,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,l,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Config+Data+Collection.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,l,aws,0.45,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,l,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,l,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,l,aws,0.02,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,Config,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,xl,aws,0.01,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudTrail,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,xl,aws,0.45,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Firehose+Detailed+Deployment.png,CloudWatchLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/About,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/Firehose/Performancereference,hec,fh,existing,xl,aws,0.35,push
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,CloudWatch Metrics,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/CloudWatch,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,xl,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+AWS+Service+ModInput+Splunk.png,Description,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/DescriptionInput,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,modinput,hf,existing,xl,aws,0.01,pull
https://s3.amazonaws.com/silverlining-arch-diagrams/Generic+SQS+Based+S3+Collection.png,S3AccessLogs,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/SQS-basedS3,sc,http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/released/AWS/S3PerformanceReference,sqsbs3,hf,existing,xl,aws,0.02,pull
